### Why F#
I decided I wanted to learn more about functional programming, and given my previous knowledge of _C#_,
_F#_ seemed to be a natural choice. It is not a pure functional programming language such as _Haskell_,
but I think it is a good place to start since some of the syntax is familiar, and there are some great
tools such as [LINQPad](https://www.linqpad.net/) which makes it easy to get started. I also decided
to use [Hackerrank](https://www.hackerrank.com/domains/fp/intro) for some introductory problems.

### Trouble(?) with Hackerrank
The first thing I noticed when starting the Hackerrank tutorials was that there was not 
out-of-the-box support for _F#_. I was annoyed at first, but then realized it was not a big
deal, and actually helped me learn how to interact with `STDIN` and `STDOUT`. For languages that
have built-in support (e.g. _Haskell_), the problems are set up so you just need to write a function.
For _F#_ however, you must write a complete program that reads from `STDIN` and outputs to `STDOUT`. 
Reading one line was easy: `let line = Console.ReadLine()`. But I got stuck when I needed continue to
read a line, and I didn't know how many lines there were going to be. `Seq.initInfinite` to the rescue!

### Infinite Sequence
The signature for `Seq.initInfinite` is:
```F#
// Signature:
Seq.initInfinite : (int -> 'T) -> seq<'T>
```
The first part, `(int -> 'T)` indicates that `Seq.initInfinite` takes a single argument which is a
function that maps an integer index generated by `Seq.initInfinite` to a new sequence of type `'T`.
The single quote before the `T` indicates that the type of `T` is generic and can be inferred.
To illustrate, I ran an example using LINQPad:
```F#
let mySeq = Seq.initInfinite (fun x -> x)   // creates infinite seq starting at 0
mySeq
|> Seq.take 5                               // takes the first 10 items
|> Seq.iter (fun x -> printfn "x=%d" x)     // iterates over each item and calls function to print item
```
```
x=0
x=1
x=2
x=3
x=4
```

### Continuously Reading `STDIN`
With an infinite sequence, we can then easily create a function to continuously read a line from `STDIN`
and then do something with it. The example below is a full program that will read from the `STDIN` until
the input is null, and print out the input as a formatted string.
```F#
open System                                     // import the System namespace

[<EntryPoint>]                                  // entry point to program
let main args =                                 // the function called at program entry
    fun _ -> Console.ReadLine()                 // function that does not use input and reads from STDIN
    |> Seq.initInfinite                         // above function is passed to Seq.initInfinite
    |> Seq.takeWhile (fun x -> x <> null)       // take from infinte seq while the value is not null
    |> Seq.iter (fun x -> printfn "x=%d" x)     // iterate over each item and print the value
    0                                           // return integer exit code for program
```
The above is very usefull in the Hackerrank tutorials since a lot of the inputs require you to read
from the `STDIN`, without knowing how many lines there will be.